Xiaofan, are you alright?
I heard from Qiuqian that he was surrounded by allowed people
I'm fine, Uncle Chen.
Okay, no way.
They ruin you by talking
Why are you okay?
I reason with them.
Maybe they're more reasonable people.
I reasoned with them.
Please let me go
That's not possible.
Why do you want me to have something
This time you go
Not necessarily next time
Where did you get so much talk?
Eat, dad
After getting the money
Let's move outside
No way.
The spiritual energy in this world is getting more and more cellular
Just the aura of these cells.
Can't awaken more examples of Wuji at all
Now I want to continue to accelerate my practice
There are only two ways
It is to find a genius treasure with heaven and earth spiritual energy
kind of
It is refining pills to assist in cultivation
Set a small goal
Awaken 100 to Wuji Qi for yourself first
It seems that I think too much
Makes me a little sensitive
How is that possible at home?
Sleep sleep